include the description of critical issue 51407 in doc (#16832)
pingcap/docs: sql-prepared-plan-cache.md

# SQL Prepared Execution Plan Cache

> **Warning:**
>

> > If a cached `UPDATE` or `DELETE` statement encounters a DDL operation that modifies the relevant schema during execution, it might cause data inconsistency between tables and indexes. For more information, see [Issue #51407](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/51407). Keep updated to the progress of the latest LTS version to resolve this issue. The following are possible workarounds before upgrading:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If a cached `UPDATE` or `DELETE` statement encounters a DDL operation that modifies the relevant schema during execution, it might cause data inconsistency between tables and indexes. For more information, see [Issue #51407](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/51407). Keep updated to the progress of [the latest LTS version](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable) to resolve this issue. The following are possible workarounds before upgrading:
```

> > If a cached `UPDATE` or `DELETE` statement encounters a DDL operation that modifies the relevant schema during execution, it might cause data inconsistency between tables and indexes, leading to incorrect results. For more information, see [Issue #51407](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/51407). Keep updated to the progress of the latest LTS version to resolve this issue. The following are possible workarounds before upgrading:

Author: ```suggestion
> If a cached `UPDATE` or `DELETE` statement encounters a DDL operation that modifies the relevant schema during execution, it might cause data inconsistency between tables and indexes. For more information, see [Issue #51407](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/51407). Keep updated to the progress of the latest LTS version to resolve this issue. The following are possible workarounds before upgrading:
```

> > If a cached `UPDATE` or `DELETE` statement encounters a DDL operation that modifies the relevant schema during execution, it might cause data inconsistency between tables and indexes. For more information, see [Issue #51407](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/51407). Keep updated to the progress of [the latest LTS version](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable) to resolve this issue. The following are possible workarounds before upgrading:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> If a cached `UPDATE` or `DELETE` statement encounters a DDL operation that modifies the relevant schema during execution, it might cause data inconsistency between tables and indexes. For more information, see [Issue #51407](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/51407). It is recommended to monitor the status of this issue and upgrade to [the latest LTS version](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable) to resolve this issue. Before upgrading, you can try the following workarounds:
```

> 

> > - Before submitting DDL, temporarily [disable the execution plan cache for Prepare statements](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_prepared_plan_cache-new-in-v610), and restore the setting of plan cache after the DDL execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - Before executing DDL, temporarily [disable the prepared plan cache](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_prepared_plan_cache-new-in-v610), and re-enable it after the DDL is complete.
```

> > - Before submitting DDL, temporarily [disable the execution plan cache for Prepare statements](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_prepared_plan_cache-new-in-v610) , and restore the setting of plan cache after the DDL execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Before submitting DDL, temporarily [disable the execution plan cache for Prepare statements](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_prepared_plan_cache-new-in-v610), and restore the setting of plan cache after the DDL execution.
```

> > If a cached `Update` or `Delete` statement encounters a DDL operation that modifies the relevant schema during execution, it may cause data inconsistency between tables and indexes, leading to incorrect results ([#51407](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/51407)). Please pay attention to the progress of the fix and upgrade to the latest LTS version to resolve this issue. Possible workarounds before upgrading:
> > 
> > - Temporarily [disable the execution plan cache for Prepare statements](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_prepared_plan_cache-new-in-v610) before submitting DDL, and restore the setting of plan cache after DDL execution.
> > - Avoid executing DDL during business hours. Immediately after executing DDL, run [`admin check table`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-admin-check-table-index.md) to verify the consistency between tables and indexes. If errors are found, rebuild the relevant indexes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If a cached `UPDATE` or `DELETE` statement encounters a DDL operation that modifies the relevant schema during execution, it might cause data inconsistency between tables and indexes, leading to incorrect results. For more information, see [Issue #51407](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/51407). Keep updated to the progress of the latest LTS version to resolve this issue. The following are possible workarounds before upgrading:
> 
> - Temporarily [disable the execution plan cache for Prepare statements](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_prepared_plan_cache-new-in-v610) before submitting DDL, and restore the setting of plan cache after the DDL execution.
> - Avoid executing DDL during business hours. Immediately after executing DDL, run [`ADMIN CHECK TABLE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-admin-check-table-index.md) to verify the consistency between tables and indexes. If errors are found, rebuild the relevant indexes.
```

> > - Avoid executing DDL during business peak hours. After executing DDL, immediately run [`ADMIN CHECK TABLE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-admin-check-table-index.md) to verify the consistency between tables and indexes. If errors are found, rebuild the relevant indexes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - Avoid executing DDL during business peak hours. After executing DDL, immediately run [`ADMIN CHECK TABLE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-admin-check-table-index.md) to check the consistency between tables and indexes. If errors are found, rebuild the relevant indexes.
```
